Very good afternoon to all of you and thank you for joining our call. Thank you Deepak for
arranging the call with all the investors and analysts and I am happy to share updates on our
financial and sales performance for Eicher Motor Limited.
We are still working on the calendar year financial so this for Q4 2015 which is October to
December. We will be having a 15-month financial year ending in March 31, 2016 after
which we will follow the regular financial year of April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017.
I will start with an update on EMLs consolidated financial performance for Q4 2015. We
posted our highest ever net income of 3317 Crores registering around 45% growth over the
same quarter last year. We posted a highest ever EBIT of 418 Crores increase of 72% over
same quarter last year. This once again reinforces the extremely strong and resilient
businesses both at Volvo Eicher Commercial Vehicles and Royal Enfield Motorcycles.
On financial performance for standalone Eicher Motors Limited for last quarter that is Q4
2015 we also had a very good results and all of this is despite the fact that we had 11200
approximately production and sales loss in the last quarter due to the enormous Chennai
floods which in fact with we did extremely well at Eicher Motors but we still had shut down
for many days and we had loss of production and therefore loss of sales, but despite that we
have reported our quarterly total income of 1284 Crores, which is 55% over same quarter
last year and just a shade less than the sequential quarter for Q3, that is because of the loss
of production and sales. Despite that we have posted our best ever EBIT of 334.5 Crores
which is an 85% increase over same quarter last year and translating into an EBIT margin
of 26.1% which is our highest ever, so that is in a quarter where actually we had a large loss
of production and sales.

On units for motorcycle we sold 125690 motorcycles so that 1.25 lakh plus motorcycles,
which is 53% greater than the same quarter last year and like I said from a sequential
quarter basis we had a decline of 1.5% because of the loss of production of 11200 units
between November and December of 2015.
Our order book in Royal Enfield remains very strong; we continue to take in more orders
every month than our monthly supplies, so the order book is continuing to grow. In India
we have continued to increase our retail footprint in a systematic manner, where we have
now over 500 dealerships as of December 31, 2015 and most of the stores have a large
majority well over 80% I believe close to 90% will have our new global retail identity,
which has given us outstanding results actually in the stores already.
In same quarter we have continue to push forward on our global plans with our vision of
becoming a global leader in midsize motorcycles, which is from 250cc to 750cc, we
continue to expand our footprint in nodal cities across the world. In October 2015 we
opened two exclusive stores which is Royal Enfield standalone stores in Paris and Madrid
to a lot of interest and franchise in these cities from motorcycle and two-wheeler.
In December 2015, we announced our entry into Thailand that is a Thailand motor show in
Bangkok and we are starting our store very soon, the first store in Thailand. In January of
this year we have also opened our first exclusive store in Jakarta which is the largest
motorcycle market after India and China, the third largest motorcycle market in the world
and Thailand is also very large so we expect with the large commuter base that both these
countries have we expect a lot of upgrade potentials of motor cyclists over the year and
Royal Enfield is coming into fill that mid space category with our classic style of
motorcycles.
In December 2015, we also completed a transition in North America from our distributor
led approach to our first ever market company outside of India that is going on extremely
well and we have got a very strong team which has taken over the sales, marketing,
distribution in North America.
Earlier this week, we introduced our first all new ground up Royal Enfield in a very
longtime which is called the Himalayan, the Himalayan is a purpose built adventure-tourer,
purpose built to take on the Himalayas and while it is purpose built and I can talk to you as
much as you want about the details of the Himalayan. It is not extreme it has also been
designed to be your only motorcycle. So the idea is that for upgraders we can use this
motorcycle extremely comfortably and in fact in the city so all the benefits of the way we
have designed this motorcycle for off-road performance with increased better suspension
and increased down clearance and very good comfort that actually helps them tremendously

in cities as well, but essentially an excellent tourer, highway tourer, off road motorcycle as
well. It has a all new 411cc engine which we call as the long stroke 410 (LS 410) and it is
truly purpose built for the Himalayan atmosphere and we are excited about it so I encourage
you all to go to our website to look at the Himalayan tab to look at all the different videos
that we have to understand more about the motorcycle and it’s an important part of our
future and we are starting bookings and test rides in the middle of March onwards so the
motorcycle is for display and it is increasingly getting put in to our stores over the next six
weeks and it will be available for test rides from middle of March onwards.
So that is the update on Royal Enfield. On our joint venture with Volvo, V.E. commercial
vehicles, we have had the commercial vehicle industry has grown strongly in 2015 over
2014 so that is a 24% growth for the entire 5 ton and above industry. In Q4 the industry
grew by 19% to over 93000 units and Eicher trucks and busses grew by 33.7% to 12687
units and therefore our market share of 5 ton and above has grown from 12.1% to 13.6%. In
light and medium duty trucks which is 5 to 14 ton segment, we had an absolutely
exceptional performance with while the industry grew by 20%, Eicher brand of trucks and
busses grew by over 29% to 6745 units, giving us the light and medium duty market share
of 35.5% compared to 33% same quarter last year, which is also a large growth over the
same quarter in the year previous, so continuous growth in light and medium duty. In heavy
duty which is 16 ton and above the market grew by 25% to 53000 units, we sold 2228 units
with a 55% growth our Eicher’s market share has consequently grown from 3.4% to 4.2%
that is Eicher brand alone on top of that is Volvo trucks brand, VECV.
In Eicher buses, the industry grew by 8.5% in the bus segment and Eicher brand grew by
39% giving us a market share of 14% compared to 10.9% in the previous year quarter. In
exports the industry grew by 2.8% in the quarter and Eicher brand grew by 24.6% at 1854
units which is again beating the industry and in Volvo trucks which is our high-end trucks
which are mainly used for the mining segment we grew by nearly 34% to 353 units.
The medium duty engine plants that we put up a couple of years ago continue to grow well.
We had sales volumes of 4728 units for the quarter which is a growth of 77% over the same
quarter last year, so adoption of these high-end base engines for Euro 6 requirements from
Volvo group brand is being met by our engine plant here in Pitampur and has had very good
growth.
Moving onto our joint venture with Polaris which is Eicher Polaris Private Limited, we
commenced commercial production in the second half of last year of India’s first 3 in 1
personal utility vehicle from our plant in Jaipur. We have to date or till December 2015 we
have sold 650 units of these vehicles the markets have received a tremendous amount of
interest from its target customers and we have a strong funnel of potential customers, we are increasingly being available in more markets so it’s 33 locations now across seven states
and by the end of 2016 we will also be available in some BS4 market.
So all in all I believe a very good quarter for Eicher Motors Limited despite the Chennai
floods which of course held us back to the extent of over 11000 units of production and
sales but despite that we have had an excellent quarter I believe. So that is all from my side
for now and over to you Deepak to manage the questions and answers, while we do the
answer we guess.
